Measured on macOS 26.5.1 (Apple Silicon), Python 3.14.0, pytest 9.1.1.

  python3 examples/readiness_demo.py -> 21 lines, exit 1 (not ready)
  bash tests/run_tests.sh            -> 24 passed in 0.02s
  the untouched starter              -> 24 failed in 0.07s

Ten requirements drawn from week 52, one capstone that feels finished.

  solid=4  weak=4  stale=1  missing=1   NOT READY (5 blocking)

Nine of the ten requirements have SOMETHING offered for them. The delivery is
still not ready, and that is the finding.

The four weak ones are the interesting group:

  rollback   "rollback is configured"      an assertion
  security   security-review.md            a file exists
  docs       README.md                     a file exists
  portfolio  "portfolio updated"           an assertion  (optional)

None of these is a lie. Somebody did configure the rollback and did write the
review. What none of them establishes is that it WORKS, and the difference
between "a rollback is configured" and "a rollback has been exercised" is
discovered either in a test or during an incident.

The missing one is the one to notice:

  spend-cap  day 360  A hard spend cap     nothing offered

It is missing because it is the requirement nobody remembers. There is no
document to point at and no obvious moment when it would have been done, so it
falls out of a delivery that is otherwise thorough. Day 327 and day 360 both
introduced it, and it is still the gap.

The stale one:

  secrets    gitleaks detect --no-git=false   last verified 78 days ago

This was real evidence when it was taken. Seventy-eight days and an unknown
number of commits later it says nothing about the repository today, and the
fix is one command rather than any work -- which is why stale is a separate
category from weak.

One implementation note. Evidence with no verified_on date is treated as
ancient rather than fresh. The alternative -- defaulting an absent date to
today -- would have let every undated claim through as freshly verified, which
is precisely backwards: an undated claim is one nobody remembers checking. The
asymmetry is deliberate and test_evidence_with_no_date_is_treated_as_ancient
pins it.

A second note on ordering. evidence_for takes the BEST evidence offered rather
than the first, so a requirement backed by both an assertion and a command is
backed by the command. Without that, the verdict would depend on the order
somebody happened to type their evidence in, which is not a property a gate
should have.
