Measured on macOS 26.5.1 (Apple Silicon), Python 3.14.0, pytest 9.1.1.

  python3 examples/plan_demo.py -> 27 lines, exit 0
  bash tests/run_tests.sh       -> 27 passed in 0.02s
  the untouched starter         -> 25 failed, 2 passed in 0.07s

Six commitments, five available hours a week.

The number this lab exists for:

  as written        17.0h/week needed against 5.0 available   3.40x over
  in my own hours   20.4h/week needed against 5.0 available   4.08x over
  surviving         2 of 6

Not one of the six commitments is unreasonable on its own. Three hours a week
on evals, two on an open-source contribution, one on writing -- each is the
kind of thing anybody would agree to. Added up they are three and a half times
the time available, and applying the day 364 calibration of 1.20x takes it to
four.

This plan does not fail in week three because of discipline. It was arithmetic-
ally impossible on the day it was written, and nobody did the arithmetic.

What survives:

  keep  p1   3.6h/wk  evaluation harness for my capstone
  keep  p2   1.2h/wk  writing about the work

What does not:

  cut   p3   4.8h/wk  fine-tuning
  cut   p2   2.4h/wk  open-source contribution
  cut   p4   3.6h/wk  agent frameworks
  cut   p5   4.8h/wk  systems and scaling

Note the second cut. "Open-source contribution" is priority 2, the same as the
writing that survived, and it was cut because 3.6 + 2.4 exceeds 5.0 while
3.6 + 1.2 does not. The greedy trim skips what does not fit and carries on, so
a cheaper commitment can outlive a dearer one of equal priority. That is a
real property rather than a bug -- stopping at the first non-fitting item would
waste the remaining 1.4 hours entirely -- but the right response is usually to
split the expensive commitment rather than to accept the substitution.

Three of the six also fail the wording check, and they are the same three that
have no artifact:

  fine-tuning          "learn how LoRA works"
  agent frameworks     "explore the main agent frameworks"
  systems and scaling  "get better at distributed systems"

That correlation is not a coincidence and it is the second finding of the lab.
A commitment phrased as a topic has no artifact because a topic does not
produce one. The two checks catch the same underlying failure from opposite
directions, which is why a plan can look full and contain very little.

One implementation note. is_actionable rejects a topic verb even when an action
verb is also present, so "build up my understanding of evals" fails. An earlier
version tested only for a leading action verb and passed that sentence -- which
would have let the single most common way of dressing a topic as an action
straight through the check.
