$ bash tests/run_tests.sh

Day 081 — A Job That Survives Being Ignored

1. The tools
  ok: pytest --version reports a pytest ( pytest 9.1.1 )
  ok: fcntl, sched, signal and zoneinfo are all standard library — nothing to install

2. The reference suite
  ok: pytest examples exits 0
  ok: pytest examples reports 61 passed
  ok: the whole suite runs in 0.53s — nothing in it waits for a schedule

3. Idempotence — running it twice leaves exactly one result
  ok: the first run exits 0
  ok: the second run also exits 0 — an idempotent no-op is a success
  ok: the first run reports action=written
  ok: the second run reports action=skipped — it did NOT redo the work
  ok: two runs produced exactly one report file
  ok: the report still carries the FIRST run's timestamp and 6 readings
  ok: no partial files were left behind (the write was atomic)
  ok: the log has one JSON line per run (2 lines for 2 runs)
  ok: every log line carries job, run_id, status, exit_code, times and duration

4. Overlap — a second run under a held lock refuses to start
  ok: the lock helper took the lock and reported READY
  ok: a run under a held lock exits 75 (EX_TEMPFAIL), not 0 and not 1
  ok: it logs status=already-running
  ok: the refused run did NOT do the work — no report for 2026-07-20
  ok: the lock helper is gone once the check finishes
  ok: once the holder exits, the next run takes the lock and does the work

5. Timeouts — a hung job is killed, and does not block the next run
  ok: a job that hangs for 30s with a 1s budget exits 124, as GNU timeout does
  ok: it was killed after about a second, not after thirty (took 1s)
  ok: the timeout is logged as JobTimeout with its budget
  ok: the timed-out run produced no output
  ok: supervise.py kills an overrunning child process group and exits 124
  ok: no 'sleep 30' child survived the supervisor

6. The watchdog — alerting on silence
  ok: a successful run wrote a heartbeat
  ok: the watchdog is quiet while the job is running (exit 0)
  ok: eleven days later, with no run at all, the watchdog alerts (exit 1)
  ok: the alert says the job has stopped running
  ok: a job that has never succeeded also alerts

7. The schedule files say what they claim
  ok: gen_schedules.py exits 0
  ok: it wrote a non-empty .cron file
  ok: it wrote a non-empty .plist file
  ok: it wrote a non-empty .service file
  ok: it wrote a non-empty .timer file
  ok: the generator states plainly that it installed nothing
  ok: the generated cron line parses to 02:30 daily, as intended
  ok: the cron file sets PATH and SHELL explicitly — cron supplies almost nothing
  ok: the systemd timer sets Persistent=true for catch-up after downtime
  ok: the launchd plist declares RunAtLoad so loading does not mean running

8. SAFETY — nothing was installed, nothing was left running
  ok: no learner-facing file executes crontab, launchctl or systemctl
  ok: the real crontab contains no entry from this lab
  ok: no launchd agent named com.example.dailyreport exists in the user's LaunchAgents
  ok: no systemd user unit named com.example.dailyreport was installed
  ok: no hold_lock.py process survived the suite
  ok: no job.py process survived the suite
  ok: no report file was left in the lab directory itself

9. The starter is runnable before you start
  ok: pytest starter exits 0 with the exercises unfinished
  ok: the starter has 1 worked test and 8 skipped exercises
  ok: NOTES.md asks the 'Exercise 5' question
  ok: NOTES.md asks the 'Exercise 6' question
  ok: NOTES.md asks the '5a.' question
  ok: NOTES.md asks the '6b.' question
  ok: NOTES.md asks the '6c.' question

10. Nothing here reaches the network
  ok: no networking module is imported anywhere in examples/ or starter/

56 checks, 0 failure(s).
