Measured on macOS 26.5.1 (Apple Silicon), Python 3.14.0, pytest 9.1.1.

  python3 examples/pipeline_demo.py -> 35 lines, exit 0
  bash tests/run_tests.sh           -> 27 passed in 0.01s
  the untouched starter             -> 27 failed in 0.08s

One CI pipeline of eight jobs, of the kind that grows a stage at a time.

  wall clock   12.7 min   checkout -> install -> integration -> deploy
  runner time  22.2 min billed
  the gap       9.5 min of parallel work

Two numbers, optimised by different actions. The person waiting cares about the
first; the person paying cares about the second.

The review finds four things:

  gate-never-fires  docs-build     3.1 min per run, never failed
  gate-never-fires  licence-scan   2.4 min per run, never failed
  no-cache          docs-build     3.1 min with nothing cached
  no-cache          install        4.5 min with nothing cached

The obvious move is to delete the two jobs that have never caught anything.
Here is what that buys:

  licence-scan   NOT on the critical path   wall 12.7 -> 12.7   saves 0.0 min
  docs-build     NOT on the critical path   wall 12.7 -> 12.7   saves 0.0 min

Zero. Nothing was waiting for either of them, so removing them cannot make the
pipeline finish sooner. It saves 5.5 runner minutes per run, which is real money
and is not what anybody was complaining about.

What does make it faster:

  install 4.5 -> 0.8 min (a dependency cache)
  wall 12.7 -> 9.0 min   saves 3.7 min per run

One cache, on the one job that everything else waits for.

  deleting BOTH never-firing gates:  0.0 min of wall clock
  one cache on the critical path:    3.7 min

That is the finding. To make a pipeline FASTER, shorten the critical path. To
make it CHEAPER, remove work anywhere. The instinct to delete the stage that
looks pointless addresses the second while the complaint is usually about the
first.

The security finding, on the same jobs with a different trigger:

  secrets-exposed-to-forks  deploy

pull_request_target runs with repository secrets in the context of the base
repository. Combined with a checkout of the fork's code -- which is what people
add next, because otherwise the workflow cannot see the change -- untrusted code
runs with your secrets in the environment. Plain pull_request has a read-only
token and no secrets, and the lab deliberately does not report it, because a
rule that fires on the safe case trains people to ignore the finding that
matters.

One implementation note. `without` re-points dependants: when a job is removed,
anything that needed it inherits its dependencies. An earlier version simply
dropped the edge, which turned dependants into root jobs that start at zero and
overstated the wall-clock saving of every deletion.
